And record on cloud. Now they.
Great welcome. Okay, now we've got the first bit of teasing trouble out the way we can get on something a bit more.
Bit more fun. Okay. So first off, thank you again unless it's all cheating trouble, and getting that the sig up and running, and a lot of logistics.
But hopefully, we don't have to do this too often, and this will get us all set up for future success.
I know this is nineteenth Federal holiday in the Us. And some people have it off. I wish my employer observed it, but they so I'm here working, but it's also six.
Am here, and Chicago and four Am. In the pacific region of the Us. And about seven Am.
In the East coast. So it's not the best time for a lot of people, and I really appreciate everybody who can make it.
The reason for having it at this crazy hour is that we can all at least try to get together.
There's no time zone that fits everybody who wants to participate in the sick. There's always an awkward, awkward time, zone, no matter which slots you pick.
So so. This is the first awkward one, so that we can pick more comfortable time slots.
For future meetings and the goal in our charter was to select a representative or co-chair.
Who can help run these meetings from each of the time zones where we would like to hold it so a Us.
For person based in the Us. To hold the Us. Time zones. At least one person in Europe to hold the European time, zones, and at least one person in China.
Oh, Asia Pacific, to hold the Asia Pacific time, so.
That would be really really useful.
Without a person in the time zone to host it. It would be somewhat impossible to host, because we would need to to cope with that.
So in terms of how the meetings would work based on the time zones that we have, and the analysis on comparisons.
I'll show you. It looks kind of like this, so I'm making a suggestion here, and this is open to debate and not Lockdown.
So my suggestion is to meet every two weeks that we have a European and China time zone, which seems to overlap quite well.
We have a Chinese and Us. Time zone, which also works quite well, and we have a Usa.
Europe Times, which works quite well, and by doing it this way, we basically spinning around the globe in the same direction.
So you're open china first china in the Usa. And then Usa.
Europe. Of course there may be occasions where we all need to meet, and on those occasions somebody's going to have an awkward time joining one of these meetings, but based on talking not only to to folks at the white code alliance, but also speaking to Mike Smith who is on W.
Three c. Rep. For Webassembly, who has run meetings across multiple time zones. This was his recommendation too.
So this means three three coaches, and he did age of pacific Europe, and Usa.
I know when we were setting up the sig and creating its charter so I had a quite a few people, and I was very thankful for it reach out to offer the services.
This co-chairs, but since we kicked off the sig for the with the updated Charter, I haven't gone back to double check.
So this really is an opportunity for folks to debate the meeting cadence. If there any questions around this sort of plan, and then to see if anybody would like to volunteer as a co-chair.
So first question any questions on the meeting cadence? Does this sort of schedule basically make sense?
So far.
From my point of view, this makes sense. The one thing I am curious about is, how is the alignment between those meetings done?
I could imagine that some talks China and China, Usa is et cetera, have different topics, different issues, different topics, issues.
Ideas are discussed. So how to get those different things aligned.
Very good meeting notes, recording the calls, and those people who can't participate following up offline.
So I did talk to Mike Smith about it, and that was his recommendation, too. The other thing is to make a call in advance to say, Hey, I really need to talk to X, y. And Z.
And get alignment on this point. Please come to this meeting. So there's a little bit of extra work for the coaches and corralling that and advertising the calls and advertising who might be necessary to be on those calls especially if it's one that they don't normally join but talking to mike he said that's the way he's done it in the past and
it's worked. There's just no easy solution to it so, and I wanna at this point also, thank Baby cause we had a quiet in depth discussion about the challenges of multiple time zones and setting things up.
And she was very helpful, too.
So?
And if we are only like three participants, there's always a continuation about the participants. So like there's not two meetings where nobody from the last meeting was in, so so topics can be carried on now.
Hmm.
That's the I. Yeah, that's the idea. There's always somebody who is in the last two meetings, so, as you will see and I will show you later on.
There is maps and cadence and actual meeting times and schedule double checks which will go through, but we'll cover that shortly.
First question. I wanted to go through. Was this one nominations I can mention the names who volunteered to me, but but that would just be a little bit of cajoling.
Is there anybody like to volunteer to take? Take on one of the co-chair roles?
Yup, I would be happy.
I think me again, and it's even better out also rolled in the chat for Europe.
Great.
好。
Yeah, I can. I weren't here to be culture or.
Agent踪。
Great, great, and.
So we have. I'll put you down for shorts, hands.
And I'm not worlded the role. But if there's no nobody else, you'd like to volunteer, I can certainly take it on for the Us. So anybody in the Us.
Would like to volunteer.
Yeah, it can happen as a Co-chair.
Okay. Okay. Yeah.
It was Hello.
This was Emily. Or yeah, I only have one screen. I was just writing it down. So yeah.
Thank you, Dominic, I appreciate it. Okay. So awesome. And I don't know.
I'm happy with having a few more people to help out. That we actually need, because it always covers for folks being out sick, and especially with the multiple time zones.
So, but I don't know on policy, and like what happens next is, I think, we rewrite down the list of coaches we would like, and then we send it to the technology, steering.
And they double check it and make sure that the they're good with it. That's the process.
As far as I know, we're really lucky to have baby on the call. Who's on the Tsc.
So is that right, baby?
Yeah. Basically, I just need to know, so that I can give you all the account privileges to make sure you're able to run the zoom and all that kind of stuff.
Awesome, awesome. Okay. Great. So why don't we do this?
I'll do this to as well, so we've got two from the Us. And two from the you I've got a load of people who can help out, which is actually fantastic, and I really appreciate it.
This is five there. If there's any objections that there's too many, I'm happy to drop out, but just to make sure we built embrace the first few meetings that works more great cool.
Are there any objections to the folks that have been who are volunteered? Anybody says, Oh, goodness, Grace, it's not Chris.
He's been helpful and setting it up, but he should take a step back and relax.
I'd be happy. I'd be happy with that. But or if there's any objects to anybody's volunteer time time to raise it.
Going once, going twice, good. If we had too many people, then I would call for a vote but I think this is okay.
If there's an issue with the Tsc. And they say, Hey, hang on for you know, account security reasons.
We only want three people, then we'll come back and reduce the number. But if this is okay, we can move on.
Fantastic good. Okay. That? Well, let's move on.
We got the co-chair list frequency and time zone schedule.
This is the fun bit that kept me up last night looking at at world clocks and other people's meetings, and when they occur, and what we can do about it, and the practicalities setting this up, so I think I propose meeting every two weeks since to make sense from my point of view we can meet more frequently if we need to I I do know that there are some six
that me every week, and I will show you them shortly. I think, rotating through the time suits, participants works well, and we have this sort of knowledge.
Transfer from Europe, China, China to the Us. And Us. Back to you're up at some point, so it works.
The.
Next thing is avoiding which days a meeting crashes just the next bit. We've got to talk about selecting a day of the week.
This. This is what I've worked out from going through the get repositories for the Sigs, and looking at the Cg.
Meetings, and the Wazi Sg meetings and plotting them so there is a mixture, and people have have times and dates.
Some people meet every week, as you can see, with Sig packaging, meeting every week. Other people most people tend to meet every other week.
And some folks, I think, sick communities on a meeting once a month. A lot of the folks that are meeting tend to cluster their meetings in and around the Cg.
And Sg. Meetings, so they so they have all the meet. All the Webassembly community meetings kind of together at the same time which I can see makes a bit of sense, but it, does leave a couple of big holes in here which give Us.
Some opportunities my personal take and is that Mondays and Fridays are awkward, because they always end up being a public holiday of some sort.
Somewhere in the world, or and therefore less likely to happen, and this probably explains where we see a cluster between Tuesday and Thursday for meetings, and what it looks like when you look at it is we end up with these two holes we're like cool.
Maybe I will be good idea. But this is not the two holes, so really quick suggestion for meeting Kadence Tuesdays every second Tuesday, and every third Thursday, of the month.
Does that make sense to you guys?
If it's every two weeks, it's just every second Tuesday that is Tuesday.
We could do. Second Tuesday last Tuesday. Any votes, any anybody care to comment anything that makes sense from your point of view.
And just.
So this means this. It's not like like every two week, but it's more like one week, and then three weeks.
We could do this. This is the beauty.
Hey? You know. No, no, it's just a question for my understanding. I'm a little bit trying to understand this table.
Yeah, this. These are all the spaces.
So I would say, trying to keep it. The same day would be great.
So maybe Tuesday, maybe a Thursday first Thursday, and Thursday, second Tuesday, and last Tuesday, the month.
They might work better. The reason for putting all the other things on there. Of course, in the Cg.
Yeah.
And S. Just to make sure we don't clash. So if anybody's participating in multiple six, they get the opportunity to.
So?
Chris. If I understand this correctly, you would basically meet twice two rows.
Sorry. Two weeks in sequence, because you have that overlap right? So China and your china.
Sorry. Asia and Europe, Asia and us, and so you would have a meeting for the or the if you're from Asia, you'd have those two meetings sort of back to back, and then you wouldn't have anything for I think three.
Weeks is. Is that correct?
I think what we do. This is this is one of the reason why multiple brains are better than one, and I appreciate him.
Is that basically kick it off? And we would do. Maybe it would work like this first meeting would be.
I think it's Europe, China, China, us Europe, China, China, us. And then what was the last one?
Is where I go, that Europe, China, China, us us Europe. Right? So it would be Europe, China, China, us Europe, china.
So yeah, there would be a skip unless you wanted to.
To do it one every week, because we're rotating. Yeah, so you'd miss the third meeting.
Get up earlier late for the third meeting.
And yeah.
I, I just wonder do we really need kind of a three? Kinda was three.
Combinations, because actually two will be enough to cover all the regions.
I am glad you asked, and I'm happy to reduce the complexity here dramatically. So let me show you what I did last night, going to time, Zone combinations, and I'm trying to find times that work for everybody so I did these time zone Maps where I went okay, if we put us specific central and East here and then we have central European
time, and time in beijing in china, where does it make sense overlap? And where do we get too late in the evening for China, or to early in the morning?
For everybody else, and vice versa, started to map out. Where does this make sense? And I did it with a Chinese focus.
A European. If this is a European-focused one, so you can see midday kind of in the middle, and then with China midday in the middle, and then I did the Us.
We day in the middle, and then I did East Coast. This is where we are today. This is where it is, and midday in the middle.
So there's a little bit of a compromise for everybody, but if we can get time zones, if somebody's happy to compromise in a particular time zone to have a later, meeting then we can totally reduce the complexity here and have just two time sams but this is part. Of the reasons.
Why?
I mean the option would be, but I would really I'm not like this option is that that one of the continents or time zones like progress a little bit, so it will be one meeting.
Let's say you, Ceo, and one another one us, Asia. I really don't like this, because then there's no exchange between the second and third time, Zone.
And and, like this might be some loss and translation between the time zone. So I would really like to keep this rotating things, and everyone involved.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. So every two times zones can have a direct communication, opportunity.
It's not that the other time Zone can't come along. It's just you've got a late meeting or an early start.
This is how it works out. So it's just an awkward time. So what divorce?
I like the three meeting slots. I I think that works pretty well, and that's just for the main thing. I'm sure.
If we have any special topics, we could then schedule those separately right, but at least having those times for the groups to interact and have enough overlap.
I think I think, works well, I think shorting it to two. You might create some polarization on that.
Okay?
Right. Exactly.
Yeah, each combination get us together all six weeks if I cut it right, and every time zone is kind of yeah shifting and wobbling a little bit. But I think that's that's the way to go.
Yeah. So.
If you go back to the slides with with us lots.
The day, the week slots.
Yeah.
I mean we could.
So thinking loud, if you would put in every does this work kind of sell the appropriate group with the combined time zones.
Maybe this would help.
Yeah, but I think the proposal from Chris was that the groups would change all the time.
Oh God.
So let's say we take. We take to Tuesdays, and then it would be second Tuesday.
Yeah.
Eu us, and then fourth Tuesday, Eu Asia, and then wrapping around in the second Tuesday would be China Us.
So basically it would, because it's six weeks. It would like move along the way. So you would always have like two consecutive meetings, and then you have a four week break in your time.
Yeah.
And.
So time. So so this is how I understood that it would like move through the of days which will be a challenge to set up a outlook series with like.
Yes, yeah, and yes, or we can reduce that that break by having weekly meetings.
If that suits, so we can increase the frequency, and just be mindful what I have done on these chats is when we pick the time of day for a conversation, just be mindful that we don't overlap with the meetings that exist at the moment so I have done.
Let me pick times. It's just called out, you know. It's basically these three three hours in which most of the meetings are occurring.
Because they're all clustered around together, so we could decide to do something like this.
If we wanted to to pick one in Tuesday. Every Tuesday we meet. Let me just pick a time slot.
That doesn't overlap.
And to be to be honest, I think it's doable, but let's go with this right now.
Let's go with every other Tuesday.
And then I think this might be a suit and C problem. Let's just try and set it up.
See how it runs, and review it, and six weeks, and if it's not working we can update the schedule and change things with the first sig to go through the process of trying to cover multiple times zone.
So it's not an easy selection, but.
You're proposing the Tuesdays on the Non-wazee Cg weeks.
Correct.
Okay?
So let's do this, says to be, Hey, this one, let me do this.
Okay, so that's my proposal just to give it a try. Set it up. If it's not working.
If the calendar invites the two confusing, if it's if they're moving about and everybody's calendar too frequently, and we need something a bit more stable.
We'll just stop and change it, but we can give it a go. It can only not work, and then we can only fix it.
So? How does that sound?
Yes.
I think that works, I think scheduling is on outlook, or Google is probably not all that difficult, because we're gonna have three sequences, and they're gonna be set to meet every six weeks and they'll be all set by two weeks and so that that should be simple.
The only reason I say that is, if anybody's on outlook or office, three, sixty five, and anybody's on Google, which is, I think, what the group is.
Any sort of complicated recurring meetings get totally foibled between those two systems, even to the stay.
It's strange. So when we schedule these we should make the series as simple as possible, otherwise you'll create a chaos and everybody's calendar.
So?
Three series six weeks recurring. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm with you, man, I'm thinking. Three, three series, six weeks. Yeah.
It's just really I had. I. This is why I probably I probably call for help, like just the Google Calendar, google groups integration and trying to set it up.
Just the logistics of that, and everything should work, but then, always getting a a huge number of bounce backs of undelivered mail.
Yeah.
When you try to send a Google invite to a Google group, I can send an email, but the invite just bounce back.
So, then it was. Create it in your personal account. Export the Ics file attached to an email and send that to the group.
There was just no easy way of doing it. It's really frustrating.
But yeah, okay, okay. So this try this Tuesdays, every every other Tuesday we got a good idea, and how we can set up the outlook schedule or the Google Calendar schedule.
And probably end up doing both, and try not to class with each other, or calling on somebody who has a lot more experience of this that I do which is my crutch in this meeting is going to baby for some advice, because I know she's done this before on the best way.
Of getting this all set up and running. I don't know if there's any tricks that this for Google Calendar and outlook I I can Ping.
I can ping the the folks at the byte code lines. They've been really supportive so far, right?
Let's move on. And now we've kind of picked a day of the week, and the frequency and the next part part three, selecting a time zone time, zone, slot, so this is what it looks like with a European focus calendar when we look at overlaps with china which is the first first call so at this point I can see a huge chunk of
time. It seems to overlap early in the morning for Europe, and it's mid afternoon to the evening for China.
Any calls from folks in Europe for a particular time. Slot on a Tuesday which would work well.
Or can I suggest one?
Yeah, so it would work for me very good. But I think a lot of people are not too keen.
Is already seed to start this early in the morning. So maybe it would be rather nine or ten, so as many people like eight in the morning, so there wouldn't be any clash with my let's say work schedule this early in the morning but it's it is too.
Early, too which I'm telling you us guys now where it's like seven in the morning, or something.
Yeah, so, but it seems to be looking at the chat. So there seem to be people going for.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think seven is definitely too early is doable. Nine, nine, or ten, or is, are more preferable for me.
Okay?
Time zone.
Yeah. So one hour ahead of the Uk.
Oh, that's true. So nine Am. Would be eight Am. Uk.
Right.
Yeah.
I think cet is the Uk. Time.
Mosquito should be Berlin. I don't know the city plus one now.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. So i just wanna agree on the time zone before we vote for an hour.
Right.
All right. So when I look this up this because because I talk to our colleagues in Germany, not this. This is Germany.
Okay?
Yeah.
Yeah germany, france, centrally, western europe, you know, except for Portugal and Uk.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, it works best for me to be honest.
This time zone.
Yeah.
Okay. It seemed to work for Dominic. It was a stretch for Stephen. Are you okay with it?
And I'm fine with that, I think, in the chat with it, Merlin said definitely.
Not before nine is his suggestion.
Sorry for that.
The only concern I would have with eight is that seven, eight, seven am. In Uk. Do you have anybody from the Uk here?
Yeah.
好。
That's gonna have a problem with that.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry, yeah. And then the moth wrong. I think ten works best for me. Not eight.
It's getting worse.
Okay? Can.
I mean I can be flexible, but if my preference is done.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I move for making sure everybody has caffeine. How does this work from the for?
A Chinese colleague. Four o'clock in the afternoon. Is that okay?
That's a perfect for me.
Okay, so that's I'm ten Am. Any objections to ten Am.
Can we make it work?
I'm okay, but then I am.
Perfect. So let's say ten Am. For the first meeting, and then next meeting. I've got the Chinese time zone, and this is where we need to create a China us overlap.
Yeah. Yeah.
So this is what it looks like. It's early in the morning or afternoon. There's no nice match this time round, so I'm this is me.
This is Chris. Chris is happy. We're slightly later in the evening, but this is Emily, and baby would be here.
I think your East Coast, I think, and China. So how early in the morning does it work for colleagues in China? What would be a good early time?
For me. So actually I have been working on daily seven and a meeting for a few weeks already, but I just wonder where that will be?
How longer that would be continuing?
Okay?
So a seven Am. No problem for myself, but not sure for others.
I hear you. What about our other Chinese colleagues? How early in the morning is too early.
I think maybe maybe a little early for some time. Channel guys, eight o'clock may be okay.
Oh, works for me. So eight o'clock. I'm all right, it's only once every six weeks, which is the good side of the meeting.
Cadence is only once every six weeks. It's gonna be a slightly late meeting to catch our colleagues in China and for an early start, and these colleagues so eight am okay.
Is okay for me.
Cool. What about our us colleagues, it's an eight Pm. Meeting for folks in the East Coast, and a five Pm.
Meeting for the Pacific folks any.
Strong objections to it? Can we make it work?
I can make that work. I think it's worth it.
Okay. Okay. So going once, going twice.
Gone, we will.
It may be worth pointing out that while these might be someone uncomfortable, it is once every six weeks, so we're not doing weekly at these times.
Yes, yeah, yeah, that's the good side of it. Right? So everybody was like, Wow, every six weeks.
That doesn't seem very frequent. And now everybody's like, yeah, I don't have to get up very early.
Oh, stay, stay late. Okay. So then the next bit is to pick a time zone for us Europe overlap, and I just plotted the Pacific version I don't do it.
Yes, this is purple bits here, and if we look at the east coast opens up a little more, so.
This is us today. This is what we're up to, which is far too early for colleagues in the Pacific regions to participate on.
Really the that, and appreciate it's not very convenient at all, so that kind of leaves this overlap in the afternoon, which I know working with colleagues in internally in Germany, that this is a very busy period of time where I overlap with them very frequently I was gonna suggest probably ten am Us.
East coast. Time be seven Am. For the Pacific colleagues doesn't clash with any meetings.
We could move it to here because we're not. We're not overlapping, and our meeting selection, but it's it's a five Pm.
Meeting for our friends in Europe.
Once every six weeks. Could you do it? Five to six Pm. Meeting?
For me in Europe, I think four, five, and six. They're all valid meeting spots. I have no issues with any of those.
The European side. I don't know about everybody else.
From my point of view, from my point of view, is four or five Pm. The reason is, if it's after six prime, as I'm yeah, asked to start at seven or eight Am.
In the morning I will hit the I will get in conflict with the law. Basically, in Germany, because after ten hours you have to stop.
Not a bad law.
That's just like this. So, starting at seven am. Yeah, what about law? You're in some aspects. You're right.
Yeah.
But that's I have not to choose it. I have just to follow it. So just after six Pm.
Your time. Zone is quite hard, so I'm also struggling regularly with the Wassam and Wazi meetings that start at six Pm.
Europe's time, still, because I have to find us not where I have to do a break kind of by law, right in the middle of the day, not to hit the ten hour.
Limit. Yeah, that's like. It is just my two sense on it.
So five to six would work, but six is a little bit too late.
So five, six is Atm. In the Pacific region. I think that's okay. That seems reasonable to me.
But then it's a ten Am. Meeting for me so, but it does like a whole lot more.
AA whole lot more comfortable than the current meeting at four Am. So.
Any objections to picking five Pm. European time eleven Am. Us. East Coast.
So work for you, Emily.
Sorry about that. Can you say that one more time?
No problem. This is eleven Am. Work for you prefer once every six weeks.
Right.
Exactly yeah, of usually, because it's like that is a populated meeting like time range. But yeah, yeah, yeah, we can do that.
Okay, great. So looks like we've picked time. Zones are time slots for each of the three meeting series will need to create.
Okay. So it's not impossible for colleagues. So the thing is. These meetings are not closed to people from the other time zones.
You're more than welcome to come just at a really inconvenient time where people are usually asleep or all right, hopefully doing other more interesting things.
But we have the time. Zone is picked great. So this was the bulk of today's meeting.
We've managed to go through and get nominees for coaches and thank you very much for everybody who volunteered.
It is very much appreciated. We've gone through and picked a meeting schedule so we're gonna meet Tuesdays every other Tuesday.
There will be a meeting, and we've worked out the time slots for these meetings, and the rotation for them so we've done quite a lot of just basic housekeeping which we needed to do.
And this is all the information that we can then give back to the yeah and get the meeting scheduled.
Set up. I I get repository, reconfigured, and then get these meetings sent out, so we should probably aim to start.
I would say in the next off off slot for Tuesdays, which would be by off Slot.
I mean next Tuesday, in which there isn't a Wazi. So Wazm, meeting.
So we had one. This Tuesday, so first meeting would be well. The first meeting of the series would be Tuesday, the twenty fifth of June, and it would be the.
Us sorry. Eu China meeting, so does that work to kick things off so that would be the first meeting would be.
Ten Am. Tuesday next week.
Led by Dominic and Steven, and Sin from China. Sound good.
Yeah.
If that works.
I got a thumbs up. Perfect. Okay. So now I have a whole bunch of housekeeping to translate meeting.
Those look at transcriptions if it worked, go to the logistics of transferring this all over, so we've covered everything I needed to cover the get us all, up and running.
I think next question is, as always, is there any other business? Do we have anything else to talk about?
Chris, you said you wanted a repository. Are you looking for like a bikecle alliance?
Slash, sig and bedded. I ask cause it'll probably be me making it so.
Good point. Yes, I think there was a call to set up in the you know, Charter, there was a request for I get repository as well for examples, and.
Code samples and stuff. So yes, please.
Yeah. So we had one for Sig registry, which is now been rebooted as sick, packaging.
They ended up, not using their repo. I'm not opposed, but we'd originally created that with, you know, capital for the name.
I suggest that developers like not capitalizing things. And so maybe they're not even using that project, so you can name it.
Whatever you want or however you want. I dropped what I would name it in the chat, and.
Okay, great. I can. Let's look at the chat. Yeah, because it's all hidden when you're presenting.
Lowercase, sig, hyphen, embedded.
That's perfect.
Okay?
This absolutely perfect. Thank you very much, baby.
For the action items. So the culture nominees need to be will be presented to Tsc.
Or who is?
Yeah, I'll drop an email to the Tse with the co-chat nominees on the list.
And then there is. There's a whole bunch of like.
One password settings and zoom access to host a meeting, some creating the meeting schedule in zoom and all the rest of that that has to happen.
So there's a better homework there, and coordination with the Tsc. And the Byte code alliance to get to use their resources to host meetings.
Yeah. And.
So that's we will go through offline.
And another thing, sorry for the action items. So I assume that in invites will be sent out for the meetings will the coaches do this?
Will you do this? So? Who is? Who is inviting people?
I'm really glad you volunteered to take meeting note stomach me. I will do it.
Okay?
Since I've battled with it already, and you've seen me try and post meeting invites like five different places.
Yeah. It's all good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Zulip, google groups, Google, calendar, outlook, calendars, all the rest of it.
Okay, so that we get is that.
I would just checking. You're the only Chris in this meeting, so I have all the action items for Chris.
Sorry, Chris. I have one thing.
But if there's a second one.
Steven, I think I heard you.
Yes, one thing I would propose. There was a question about continuity between the regions on these.
One simple thing that we can do, and I'm just proposing this to the chairs of each of the groups is obviously we'll be taking minutes, and each of those calls.
Maybe the first thing we do in the in any of those meetings is read out the notes from the previous one, and then use those as discussion points, so that'll just provide that sort.
Of level set. At the beginning of the meeting. Does any other questions at least half of the group will be from the other region.
So they'll be able to have some discussions if there's questions, and then, obviously, if there's anything that's in conflict, or you know, needs the wider group we can use, you know we can set up, another meeting to go do that but at least we'll have that overlap and so we can read out the notes get any sort of questions and then that becomes sort
of follow-on for the next, as we hand that off to the next region.
Yeah, that's a perfect idea. And yeah, and it's funny. So I think I was doing that last night.
It was a discussion on memory sharing between modules on get and a for and they look like a natural overlap in approach.
With what Deep D was suggesting at the in-person meeting. So there's another example of me trying to remember what Deepd presented share the information with the colleagues looking at the wamer extensions. But yeah, if anything to say half of it is that hand, holding and information sharing which is really important great suggestion steven thank you.
Chris, as as the you know, the chair of this meeting, you will upload the video to Youtube, so you're able to log into the zoom account and then add it.
David mentioned that I think you're on boarded for that.
I think so. Thank you for.
哈哈哈。
If you're if you're not okay, okay, yes, cause I was just thinking about.
You know the case where we're not able to record in some of the standardization meetings, cause some folks object to being recorded.
Yeah.
It is. I think it'll be a lot easier for this group with the recordings being up and making sure that you get the video up before people meet because transcripts can be a little lossy, especially the the back and forth, I think and deep deeds presentation was really interesting with Ben and I don't know how easy that would have been to understand through.
Meeting notes.
Yes, yeah, it's good cool so, and thank you for reminding me about the upload thing.
I've not gone through it before. But yes, that is something we need to do. I saw the Youtube credentials in the one password Session.
It's like, okay. How that works never done it. So why, I might be calling on your expertise in the not too distant future.
Happy to help.
Thank you, Bailey. Much appreciate. Thank you very much. Okay.
So we've got some tips for holding the meetings. I've got a whole bunch of action items, says chair of this meeting to wrap it up and hand over to my coaches.
So there's a little bit of work to do for that. But I think with that I think we've covered everything we needed to do for the first meeting.
So. Yes, success. Thank you very much. Everybody for taking the time out coming along.
To this I really appreciate. It's super early in the morning for us colleagues, and later in the evening, for our colleagues in China so much appreciated.
Everybody have a fantastic day, great evening, great afternoon, and I will see you in the emails meeting notes, Youtube video uploads and in the future meeting schedules which will be sent out.
Thank you. Perth.
So you're very welcome. I will.
Thanks a lot for taking care.
Awesome.
Thanks, chris.
Are you guys? Take care?
Yep. Thanks. Chris. Thanks everyone.
Thank you, Chris. Great job.
Thank you.
Thank you guys. See you folks take care of everybody. Bye.